Father, for me, the time has now come.
Fulfilling the words
that were said by your Son:
‘If they persecuted me,
then they’ll do it to you.’
It’s not a surprise.
Really, nothing that’s new.
Jehovah, I pray, please, let me be strong.
My life and devotion to you they belong.
My record of faith will never be lost.
I’ll be loyal to you no matter the cost.
I’ll never give in to taunts or to threats.
Enduring in faith, I’ll have no regrets.
To suffer these things
for the sake of your name,
I count as an honor;
I won’t be ashamed.
I won’t give up, won’t turn aside.
I won’t give up, and I won’t run and hide.
Let me be strong; let me be true.
Carrying on, trusting in you.
I won’t give up.
You’ve trusted in me.
I’ve trusted in you.
Each trial I face, you help me get through.
No king and no ruler, no family or friend
Can make me lose sight
of the prize at the end.
I won’t give up, won’t turn aside.
I won’t give up, and I won’t run and hide.
Let me be strong; let me be true.
Carrying on, trusting in you.
I won’t give up, won’t turn aside.
I won’t give up, and I won’t run and hide.
Let me be strong; let me be true.
Carrying on, trusting in you.
I won’t give up.